### USCDI+ Quality Element Support Expectations

Systems are expected to support this profile as part of implementing USCDI+ Quality V2 in FHIR and meeting the conformance requirements of this guide.

The following elements are specifically relevant to USCDI+ Quality V2 data classes and elements. Systems are expected to support these elements as applicable to their role in US Quality Core data exchange. See the [Must Support](must-support.html) section of this guide for more information. These elements are tagged as (USCDI+ Quality) in the formal profile views.

<!-- START AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
<b>USCDI+ Quality Elements:</b>
<ul>
<li>identifier: (USCDI+ Quality) An identifier for the person as this agent</li>
<li>identifier.system: (USCDI+ Quality) The namespace for the identifier value</li>
<li>identifier.value: (USCDI+ Quality) The value that is unique</li>
<li>identifier:NPI: (USCDI+ Quality) An identifier for the person as this agent</li>
<li>identifier:NPI.system: (USCDI+ Quality) The namespace for the identifier value</li>
<li>identifier:NPI.value: (USCDI+ Quality) The value that is unique</li>
<li>identifier:ein: (USCDI+ Quality) There is not a general Tax Identifier Numer (TIN) OID. There is an SSN, a PTIN, and an ITIN, but no TIN generally. So the only slice specified here is EIN, if consumers determine a need for an SSN, submit a comment to that effect.</li>
<li>identifier:ein.value: (USCDI+ Quality) The value that is unique</li>
<li>name: (USCDI+ Quality) The name(s) associated with the practitioner</li>
<li>name.family: (USCDI+ Quality) Family name (often called 'Surname')</li>
<li>telecom: (USCDI+ Quality) A contact detail for the practitioner (that apply to all roles)</li>
<li>telecom.system: (USCDI+ Quality) phone | fax | email | pager | url | sms | other</li>
<li>telecom.value: (USCDI+ Quality) The actual contact point details</li>
<li>address: (USCDI+ Quality) Address(es) of the practitioner</li>
<li>address.line: (USCDI+ Quality) Street name, number, direction & P.O. Box etc.</li>
<li>address.city: (USCDI+ Quality) Name of city, town etc.</li>
<li>address.state: (USCDI+ Quality) Sub-unit of country (abbreviations ok)</li>
<li>address.postalCode: (USCDI+ Quality) US Zip Codes</li>
<li>address.country: (USCDI+ Quality) Country (e.g. can be ISO 3166 2 or 3 letter code)</li>
</ul>
<!-- END AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->

Because this profile is derived from US Core, systems are also expected to support Must Support requirements and (USCDI) tagged elements inherited from US Core. The [Formal Views](#profile) section also provides the formal summary, definitions, terminology requirements, and mandatory element requirements.
