The MedicationRequest profile defines the conformance expectations for a MedicationRequest, regardless of whether it is a positive or negative statement. The MedicationRequested and MedicationNotRequested profiles represent the positive and negative statements for a medication order.

To create an expression indicating the existence of a medication request, use the profile [USQualityCoreMedicationRequested](StructureDefinition-us-quality-core-medicationrequested.html); to specifically request information that a MedicationRequest intentionally did not occur for a medical, patient or system reason, use the profile [USQualityCoreMedicationProhibited](StructureDefinition-us-quality-core-medicationprohibited.html).

For a more complete discussion of representation of negation within US Quality Core and quality improvement artifacts, see the [Negation in US Quality Core](us-quality-core-general-requirements.html#negation-in-us-quality-core) topic.

### USCDI+ Quality Element Support Expectations

Systems are expected to support this profile as part of implementing USCDI+ Quality V2 in FHIR and meeting the conformance requirements of this guide.

The following elements are specifically relevant to USCDI+ Quality V2 data classes and elements. Systems are expected to support these elements as applicable to their role in US Quality Core data exchange. See the [Must Support](must-support.html) section of this guide for more information. These elements are tagged as (USCDI+ Quality) in the formal profile views.

<!-- START AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
<b>USCDI+ Quality Elements:</b>
<ul>
<li>doNotPerform: (USCDI+ Quality) True if medication was not requested</li>
<li>reasonCode: (USCDI+ Quality) Reason or indication for not ordering the medication</li>
</ul>
<!-- END AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->

Because this profile is derived from US Core, systems are also expected to support Must Support requirements and (USCDI) tagged elements inherited from US Core. The [Formal Views](#profile) section also provides the formal summary, definitions, terminology requirements, and mandatory element requirements.
