<h3>USCDI+ Quality Element Support Expectations</h3>

Systems are expected to support this profile as part of implementing USCDI+ Quality V1 in FHIR and meeting the conformance requirements of this guide.

The following elements are specifically relevant to USCDI+ Quality V1 data classes and elements. Systems are expected to support these elements as applicable to their role in US Quality Core data exchange. See the [Must Support](must-support.html) section of this guide for more information. These elements are tagged as (USCDI+ Quality) in the formal profile views.

<!-- START AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
<b>USCDI+ Quality Elements:</b>
<ul>
<li>status: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) registered | preliminary | final | amended | corrected | entered-in-error | unknown</li>
<li>category: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Classification of type of observation</li>
<li>category:us-core: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) US Core classification of type of observation</li>
<li>code: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Type of observation (code / type)</li>
<li>effective[x]: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Clinically relevant time/time-period for observation</li>
<li>value[x]: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Actual result</li>
</ul>
<!-- END AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->

Because this profile is derived from US Core, systems are also expected to support Must Support requirements and (USCDI) tagged elements inherited from US Core. The [Formal Views](#profile) section also provides the formal summary, definitions, terminology requirements, and mandatory element requirements.

<h3>Profile Specific Implementation Guidance</h3>

<p>To represent that an observation intentionally did not occur for a medical, patient, or system reason, use the <a href="StructureDefinition-us-quality-core-observationcancelled.html">US Quality Core Observation Cancelled</a> profile.</p>

<p>Additional informational guidance for authoring CQL using this profile is provided in the <a href="#cql-authoring-usage-informational">CQL Authoring Usage (Informational)</a> section of this page.</p>
