<div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://hl7.org/fhir ../../input-cache/schemas/R5/fhir-single.xsd">
  <a name="guidance"></a>
  <h3>Guidance</h3>
  <p>
  <tr>
      <td>Reference Guidance for use of the Service Not Requested profile can be found <a href="{{site.data.fhir.ver.uscore}}/StructureDefinition-us-core-servicerequest.html#mandatory-and-must-support-data-elements">here.</a></td>
      <ul><li>See the <a href="https://hl7.org/fhir/us/core/sdoh.html">Social Determinants of Health (SDOH)</a> Guidance Page for more information when exchanging Social Determinants of Health (SDOH) Service Requests.</li>
      <li>The <code class="highlighter-rouge">ServiceRequest.category</code> binding must support at a minimum the <a href="{{site.data.fhir.ver.uscore}}/ValueSet-us-core-servicerequest-category.html">US Core ServiceRequest Category Codes</a>.  However, this valueset can be treated as <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/terminologies.html#extensible">extensible</a> and other category codes can be used instead.</li>
      <li>The <code class="highlighter-rouge">ServiceRequest.code.extension:notDoneValueSet</code> valueset identifies a set of possible coded values representing activities that were not requested, ordered, or performed.</li>
      <li>The <code class="highlighter-rouge">ServiceRequest.subject</code> is Must Support with Must Support reference to US Quality Core Patient</li></ul>
  </tr>
  </p>

<a name="usage"><b>Usage</b></a>

<p>The ServiceRequest and ServiceNotRequested profiles represent the positive and
  negative statements for a service request. </p>


<p>
<tr>
    <td>See the <a href="patterns.html">patterns</a> page for implementation and usage patterns.</td>
</tr>
</p>
<a name="examples"> </a>
<h3>Examples</h3>
<p>
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
        <td><a href="ServiceRequest-negation-example.html">Negation Example with valueset</a></td><td>Service discontinued; indicates that none of the services in the given not done value set were requested.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="ServiceRequest-negation-example-code.html">Negation Example with code</a></td><td>Service discontinued; indicates that the given service, by code, was not requested.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</p>

<p>Both of these example instances meet measure intent for exclusion as defined in the following illustrative CQL (informational; not part of conformance requirements):
</p>

<pre><code>define "Intermittent Pneumatic Compression Devices Not Ordered":
  ["ServiceNotRequested": "Application of intermittent pneumatic compression devices (IPC)"] DeviceNotOrdered
    where (DeviceNotOrdered.reasonRefused() in "Medical Reason"
      or DeviceNotOrdered.reasonRefused() in "Patient Refusal")
      and DeviceNotOrdered.status in { 'active', 'completed', 'on-hold' }</code></pre>

<p>For a more complete discussion of representation of negation within US Quality Core and quality improvement artifacts, see the <a href="general-requirements.html#negation-in-us-quality-core">Negation in US Quality Core</a> topic.</p>


</div>

<!-- START AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
<b>USCDI+ Quality Elements:</b>
<ul>
<li>status: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) draft | active | on-hold | revoked | completed | entered-in-error | unknown</li>
<li>code: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) What is being requested/ordered</li>
<li>authoredOn: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Date request signed</li>
<li>reasonCode: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Explanation/Justification for procedure or service</li>
<li>reasonReference: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Explanation/Justification for service or service</li>
</ul>
<!-- END AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
