The Procedure profile defines the conformance expectations for a Procedure, regardless of whether it is a positive or negative statement. The ProcedureDone and ProcedureNotDone profiles represent the positive and negative statements for a procedure.

To create an expression indicating existence of a procedure, use the profile [USQualityCoreProcedureDone](StructureDefinition-us-quality-core-proceduredone.html); to specifically request information that a procedure intentionally did not occur for a medical, patient or system reason, use the profile [USQualityCoreProcedureNotDone](StructureDefinition-us-quality-core-procedurenotdone.html).

For a more complete discussion of representation of negation within US Quality Core and quality improvement artifacts, see the [Negation in US Quality Core](us-quality-core-general-requirements.html#negation-in-us-quality-core) topic.

### USCDI+ Quality Element Support Expectations

Systems are expected to support this profile as part of implementing USCDI+ Quality V2 in FHIR and meeting the conformance requirements of this guide.

The following elements are specifically relevant to USCDI+ Quality V2 data classes and elements. Systems are expected to support these elements as applicable to their role in US Quality Core data exchange. See the [Must Support](must-support.html) section of this guide for more information. These elements are tagged as (USCDI+ Quality) in the formal profile views.

<!-- START AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
<b>USCDI+ Quality Elements:</b>
<ul>
<li>extension:recorded: (USCDI+ Quality) When the procedure was first captured in the subject's record</li>
<li>partOf: (USCDI+ Quality) Part of referenced event</li>
<li>status: (USCDI+ Quality) not-done</li>
<li>code: (USCDI+ Quality) What procedure</li>
<li>performed[x]: (USCDI+ Quality) When the procedure was performed</li>
<li>reasonCode: (USCDI+ Quality) Coded reason procedure performed</li>
<li>reasonReference: (USCDI+ Quality) The justification that the procedure was performed</li>
<li>statusReason: (USCDI+ Quality) Reason for the current status</li>
</ul>
<!-- END AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->

Because this profile is derived from US Core, systems are also expected to support Must Support requirements and (USCDI) tagged elements inherited from US Core. The [Formal Views](#profile) section also provides the formal summary, definitions, terminology requirements, and mandatory element requirements.
