The ServiceRequest profile defines the conformance expectations for a ServiceRequest, regardless of whether it is a positive or negative statement. The ServiceRequested and ServiceNotRequested profiles represent the positive and negative statements for a service request.

To create an expression indicating the existence of a service request, use the profile [USQualityCoreServiceRequested](StructureDefinition-us-quality-core-servicerequested.html); to specifically request information that a ServiceRequest intentionally did not occur for a medical, patient or system reason, use the profile [USQualityCoreServiceProhibited](StructureDefinition-us-quality-core-serviceprohibited.html).

### USCDI+ Quality Element Support Expectations

Systems are expected to support this profile as part of implementing USCDI+ Quality V2 in FHIR and meeting the conformance requirements of this guide.

The following elements are specifically relevant to USCDI+ Quality V2 data classes and elements. Systems are expected to support these elements as applicable to their role in US Quality Core data exchange. See the [Must Support](must-support.html) section of this guide for more information. These elements are tagged as (USCDI+ Quality) in the formal profile views.

<!-- START AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
<b>USCDI+ Quality Elements:</b>
<ul>
<li>status: (USCDI+ Quality) draft | active | on-hold | revoked | completed | entered-in-error | unknown</li>
<li>intent: (USCDI+ Quality) proposal | plan | directive | order | original-order | reflex-order | filler-order | instance-order | option</li>
<li>code: (USCDI+ Quality) What is being requested/ordered</li>
<li>authoredOn: (USCDI+ Quality) Date request signed</li>
<li>reasonCode: (USCDI+ Quality) Explanation/Justification for procedure or service</li>
<li>reasonReference: (USCDI+ Quality) Explanation/Justification for service or service</li>
</ul>
<!-- END AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->

Because this profile is derived from US Core, systems are also expected to support Must Support requirements and (USCDI) tagged elements inherited from US Core. The [Formal Views](#profile) section also provides the formal summary, definitions, terminology requirements, and mandatory element requirements.
