<h3>USCDI+ Quality Element Support Expectations</h3>

Systems are expected to support this profile as part of implementing USCDI+ Quality V1 in FHIR and meeting the conformance requirements of this guide.

The following elements are specifically relevant to USCDI+ Quality V1 data classes and elements. Systems are expected to support these elements as applicable to their role in US Quality Core data exchange. See the [Must Support](must-support.html) section of this guide for more information. These elements are tagged as (USCDI+ Quality) in the formal profile views.

<!-- START AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
<b>USCDI+ Quality Elements:</b>
<ul>
<li>identifier: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Identifier(s) by which this encounter is known</li>
<li>identifier.system: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) The namespace for the identifier value</li>
<li>identifier.value: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) The value that is unique</li>
<li>status: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) planned | arrived | triaged | in-progress | onleave | finished | cancelled +</li>
<li>type: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Specific type of encounter</li>
<li>priority: (USCDI+ Quality) Indicates the urgency of the encounter</li>
<li>period: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) The start and end time of the encounter</li>
<li>diagnosis: (USCDI+ Quality) The list of diagnosis relevant to this encounter</li>
<li>diagnosis.extension:diagnosisPresentOnAdmission: (USCDI+ Quality) onAdmission</li>
<li>hospitalization: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Details about the admission to a healthcare service</li>
<li>hospitalization.dischargeDisposition: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Category or kind of location after discharge</li>
<li>location: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) List of locations where the patient has been</li>
<li>location.location: (USCDI+ Quality) (USCDI) Location the encounter takes place</li>
</ul>
<!-- END AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->

Because this profile is derived from US Core, systems are also expected to support Must Support requirements and (USCDI) tagged elements inherited from US Core. The [Formal Views](#profile) section also provides the formal summary, definitions, terminology requirements, and mandatory element requirements.

<h3>Profile Specific Implementation Guidance</h3>

<p>Additional informational guidance for authoring CQL using this profile is provided in the <a href="#cql-authoring-usage-informational">CQL Authoring Usage (Informational)</a> section of this page.</p>
