### USCDI+ Quality Element Support Expectations

Systems are expected to support this profile as part of implementing USCDI+ Quality V2 in FHIR and meeting the conformance requirements of this guide.

The following elements are specifically relevant to USCDI+ Quality V2 data classes and elements. Systems are expected to support these elements as applicable to their role in US Quality Core data exchange. See the [Must Support](must-support.html) section of this guide for more information. These elements are tagged as (USCDI+ Quality) in the formal profile views.

<!-- START AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->
<b>USCDI+ Quality Elements:</b>
<ul>
<li>status: (USCDI+ Quality) registered | prliminary | final | amended | corrected | cancelled | entered-in-error | unknown</li>
<li>category: (USCDI+ Quality) Classification of type of observation</li>
<li>category:us-core: (USCDI+ Quality) Classification of type of observation</li>
<li>code: (USCDI+ Quality) Laboratory Test Name</li>
<li>issued: (USCDI+ Quality) Date/Time this version was made available</li>
<li>value[x]: (USCDI+ Quality) Result Value</li>
<li>interpretation: (USCDI+ Quality) High, low, normal, etc.</li>
<li>referenceRange: (USCDI+ Quality) Result reference range</li>
</ul>
<!-- END AUTOGENERATED KEY ELEMENTS -->

Because this profile is derived from US Core, systems are also expected to support Must Support requirements and (USCDI) tagged elements inherited from US Core. The [Formal Views](#profile) section also provides the formal summary, definitions, terminology requirements, and mandatory element requirements.
